{
    "title": "Brazil's Temer on surviving suspension vote",
    "description": "(3 Aug 2017) Brazil's embattled President Michel Temer said on Wednesday that the decision taken by the lower house to not suspend him over bribery charges was \"a conquest for the democratic state of the law, the strength of the institutions and the constitution,\" instead of a personal victory. \r\nTemer, who survived the key congressional vote on Wednesday, mustered enough support to stay in office and avoid being tried by the country's highest court.\r\nHe spoke briefly to the journalists from the presidential palace, immediately after the last lawmaker voted calling on Brazilians to stay united. \r\nWhile Temer was clearly victorious, he won't likely have much time to celebrate. \r\nAttorney General Rodrigo Janot, who levelled the bribery charge against Temer, is expected to charge him with obstruction of justice by the end of the month. \r\nThat would provoke a second vote, forcing his allies to once again decide whether to risk their own political futures by sticking with the deeply unpopular leader. \r\nAll 513 seats in the chamber are up for election next year.\r\nTemer needed the support of just one-third of the 513 members of the lower Chamber of Deputies, or 171 members. \r\nHours after the voting began, he had received the votes of more than that number of legislators. \r\nIn the end, 263 deputies voted for the president and 227 voted against him. The remaining were abstentions and absences.\r\nThe latest national poll said just 5 percent of Brazilians approve Temer, while he has been providing financial backing to various projects to gain support from legislators.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/8420402fd367c5e40af272e4549ab341 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123195845",
    "date_created": "1502160078",
    "date_modified": "1508437361",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/brazil-s-temer-on-surviving-suspension-vote\/123184222-123195845"
}