{
    "title": "US defence secretary speaks en route to India",
    "description": "(25 Sep 2017) US Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis flew to New Delhi Monday, the first Cabinet-level official under the Trump administration to visit India. \r\nMattis will have meetings Tuesday with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and National Security Advisor Ajit Doval. \r\nHe is scheduled to hold talks on defence co-operation with his Indian counterpart with the security situation in Afghanistan, defence deals and maritime security likely on the agenda. \r\nDuring the flight Secretary Mattis was asked about North Korea's threat to detonate a hydrogen bomb and Mattis called it a \"shocking display of irresponsibility toward global health, toward stability, toward nonproliferation.\" \r\nThe talks with Mattis' counterpart, India's newly appointed defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman, were expected to take up the security situation in Afghanistan and what New Delhi can do to help. \r\nIndia has already contributed around three billion US dollars in building highways, power transmission lines and dams and helping the Afghan government's efforts in the areas of public health and education. \r\nIn a speech last month outlining his strategy in Afghanistan, President Donald Trump sought India's help in security efforts in the war-torn country as Washington steps up its military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground against US-backed government forces. \r\nSales of American military hardware to India, one of the world's biggest defence buyers, will also figure in the talks. \r\nIndia's military has been negotiating with major global arms producers to acquire new equipment for its armed forces, including drones, combat aircraft and submarines. \r\nThe two countries were also expected to discuss maritime security in the Indo-Pacific amid their concerns about an increasingly aggressive China.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/a9639115cd146f7130f44dd59327eb07 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123187588",
    "date_created": "1506796175",
    "date_modified": "1508436650",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/us-defence-secretary-speaks-en-route-to-india\/123184222-123187588"
}