{
    "title": "Magician Penn Jillette supports Las Vegas blood donation center",
    "description": "(5 Oct 2017) LAS VEGAS MAGICIAN SUPPORTS LOCAL BLOOD DONATION CENTER\r\nPenn Jillette, of the well-known magic duo Penn &amp; Teller, was among the hundreds of people who came to give blood and platelets in Las Vegas following the mass shooting Sunday night at Mandalay Bay Resort. \r\n\"At my age it's too late to be an EMT. It's too late to be a first responder. I tell jokes. I do tricks and this is, well I'm afraid to say quite literally the least I can do. It also sadly might be the most I could do,\" he said while donating. \r\nJillette was giving platelets at United Blood Services in Las Vegas, something he says he tries to do at least a few times a year. \r\n\"I come from a long line of blood donors. My dad, I brag, was the biggest blood donor in Greenfield, Massachusetts,\" Jillette said.\r\nHe insists the show must go on. \r\n\"It was a horrible, horrible tragedy, but then you must go back to what you do. As a matter of fact, I think I tend to be on the other side of that. I think we start going to what we do right away. We took our show off last night to be respectful, but those people that were shot, they didn't want the world to stop. Nobody wants the world to stop when there's a tragedy. They want it to go on. And you know Vegas is, Vegas is Vegas. It's always going to be there and what I think the one thing we shown is what happens in Vegas, goes all around the world,\" he said. \r\nJillette and his performing partner Raymond Teller host a \"13 Bloody Days of Christmas\" every year, where people in Vegas who donate blood during that time get free tickets to their show.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/aa263bd6153ae548bfbb445ff31fd178 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123185678",
    "date_created": "1507622057",
    "date_modified": "1508436412",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/magician-penn-jillette-supports-las-vegas-blood-donation-center\/123184222-123185678"
}