{
    "title": "Rio residents forced out to make way for Olympics",
    "description": "(5 Aug 2017) More than 70,000 people were displaced to make way for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics last year. \r\nAnd while some are satisfied in their new houses, others have had to start over and find themselves struggling, bitter at the pressure from city officials and real estate investors wanting them to relocate. \r\nTwo of the most vocal resisters of Olympic-related evictions, Maria da Penha and her husband Luiz Claudio da Silva, used to live in a three-story house in Vila Autodromo, a shantytown next to Olympic Park. \r\nThey saw their home demolished, but managed to keep the land and now live in one of the 20 identical bungalows the city built for residents.\r\n\"They used the name of the Olympics to justify the destruction of families, the demolition of houses; life stories interrupted. It's very sad,\" said Luiz Claudio da Silva.\r\nJane Nascimento, a former neighbour, had to move to a tiny social housing apartment, six miles away from Vila Autodromo. \r\nShe misses her garden, her dog and her old space. She lost her front teeth and much of her sight due to the stress in the process.\r\nNot all communities targeted for eviction lost their fight against City Hall. \r\nDespite being miles away from the Olympic venues, the northern shantytown of Indiana resisted attempts of being removed in order to make way for public squares and new buildings even though the city still managed to tear down five houses before it was forced to backtrack.\r\nCommunity leader Marcello Deodoro, who resides in Indiana, says his community can celebrate a small victory but cautions at potential challenges ahead. \r\n\"The truth is we won the first war, but we don't know which will be the next one that could come our way,\" Deodoro told the Associated Press.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/e61b1bb29119ba4adaa54f37432bc499 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123195498",
    "date_created": "1502324613",
    "date_modified": "1508437325",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/rio-residents-forced-out-to-make-way-for-olympics\/123184222-123195498"
}