{
    "title": "Legendary AP Reporter Richard Pyle Has Died",
    "description": "(29 Sep 2017) LEGENDARY ASSOCIATED PRESS REPORTER RICHARD PYLE HAS DIED. \r\nPYLE WHO OVERSAW AP'S PULITZER PRIZE-WINNING SAIGON BUREAU DURING CRITICAL YEARS OF THE VIETNAM WAR, STOOD AS ONE OF THE PILLARS OF AP FOR NEARLY 50 YEARS. \r\nFROM HIS EARLY DAYS AS A CUB REPORTER IN MICHIGAN ALL THE WAY TO THE MIRACLE ON THE HUDSON IN 2009, PYLE HAD AN UNCANNY KNACK FOR BEING WHERE NEWS HAPPENED. \r\n\"Unquestionably Richard Pyle was one of the greatest AP journalist and that is saying a lot cause the AP has employed some of the greatest journalists ever. We hear we walk among giants and Richard Pyle is one of those giants,\" Brian Carovillano, Associated Press Managing Editor.\r\nFROM WATERGATE, TO THREE-MILE ISLAND to 9\/11. \u2013 PYLE'S STEADY HAND WAS THERE. A REPORTER'S REPORTER.\r\n\"To me he was the epitome of the best kind of reporter, someone who goes out with his notebook in hand, asks questions, tries to get to the bottom of things, tells it without flourishes, just straight what happened, who really had an amazing passion for news,\" John Daniszewski, Associated Press Editor at Large.\r\nPYLE SPENT 5 YEARS IN VIETNAM FOR AP, THE LAST HALF OF THAT TIME AS BUREAU CHIEF.\r\nAT A REUNION OF VIETNAM REPORTERS IN 2000, Pyle said of ALL THE HISTORY HE WITNESSED OVER HIS CAREER, THE VIETNAM WAR WAS THE STORY HE WAS BORN TO COVER. \r\n\"All the sadness and all the other elements of it helped to make it one of the greatest story of the decade and one of the greatest stories of the 20th century and the fact that I was here gives me solace and comfort every day, I wouldn't trade it for anything,\" said Pyle. \r\nWHILE IN VIETNAM, PYLE ARRANGED FOR A YOUNG REPORTER NAMED EDIE LEDERER TO BECOME THE FIRST WOMAN TO COVER THE WAR FULL-TIME FOR THE AP. LEDERER, IS STILL WITH THE AP AS THE UNITED NATIONS CORRESPONDENT. \r\n\"I think his legacy will not only all of those historic stories that will remain forever, but also his commitment to those incredibly high standards of journalism which AP and everyone who works for it cherish.\" \u2013 Edith Lederer, Associated Press Reporter. \r\nPYLE DIED THURSDAY OF RESPIRATORY FAILURE -  HE IS SURVIVED BY HIS WIFE BRENDA SMILEY. HE WAS 83. \r\nDavid Martin, Associated Press\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/5ba5e08716d1a8c81445988d33a63c14 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123186611",
    "date_created": "1507161376",
    "date_modified": "1508436473",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/legendary-ap-reporter-richard-pyle-has-died\/123184222-123186611"
}