{
    "title": "Graham, Durbin Push for Bipartisan Dream Act",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham and Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin joined a gathering of more than 100 'Dreamers' at the U.S. Capitol to push for the senators' bipartisan legislation to protect DACA recipients. \r\n\"I've never seen more bipartisan support for the idea than than right this moment. The American people have heard you. They share your dream and overwhelmingly support your dream,\" said Graham.\r\n\"What you represent are people who can bring real value to America make it a better place, \" Durbin said. \"Lindsey is right in saying that we are poised to do the right thing as a nation and you are going to be the reason,\" he said.\r\nSeveral \"Dreamers\" also spoke at the event.\r\n\"The Dream Act is not controversial. The American public is on our side,\" said Maria Praeli, who came to the U.S. from Peru when she was five years old.\"\r\nPresident Donald Trump announced last month he was ending the DACA program and giving Congress six months to come up with a fix. \r\nThe president has suggested he could revisit the issue if Congress doesn't come up with a solution in time, but administration officials testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee Tuesday said that immigrants' temporary work permits would begin to expire absent congressional action, and they would become subject to deportation.\r\nWednesday's event took place as senators convened their first hearing on the topic since Trump announced he was winding down DACA, which Republicans have long denounced as an unconstitutional overreach by President Barack Obama.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/0749d964ccfdd0263f680e6be16ae503 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123185704",
    "date_created": "1507609145",
    "date_modified": "1508436412",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/graham-durbin-push-for-bipartisan-dream-act\/123184222-123185704"
}