{
    "title": "Spanish stocks fall amid Catalan crisis",
    "description": "(5 Oct 2017) Spanish stocks continued to fall Thursday as the country grappled with its most serious national crisis in decades. \r\nThe most important Spanish stock market closed on Wednesday under 10,000 points. That's the biggest fall since Brexit. \r\nLed by losses for the two main Catalan banks, Caixabank and Banco Sabadell, Spain's main stock market index lost almost 3 percentage points in Wednesday's trading amid uncertainty over how the secession bid will proceed. \r\nSpanish media reported that executives of Banco Sabadell were considering Thursday whether to relocate the company's registration out of the northeastern region as separatist authorities there have pledged to go ahead with an independence declaration as early as next week. \r\nPrivate news agency Europa Press reported that the Banco Sabadell board meeting on Thursday afternoon will discuss the move to ensure that it remains under the legal framework of the European Central Bank, the region's financial regulator. \r\nEuropa Press said that Spain's capital, Madrid, Alicante and Oviedo are some of the destinations being considered for the new registration, although the bank's central services would remain in Barcelona. \r\nBanco Sabadell couldn't be immediately reached for comment. \r\nThe bank's shares led heavy losses in Spain's stock exchange, and valuation remained low on Thursday in early morning trading. \r\nOther Spanish banks, telecommunications giant Telelefonica, fashion retailer Inditex and leading energy companies Repsol, Iberdrola and Gas Natural also suffered significant losses \r\nIgnacio Cantos, the investments director of ATL Capital, said on Thursday that the uncertainty could affect the growth of the Spanish economy and may even bring about a rise in interest rates.\r\nEuropean leaders have sided with Spain and, amid fears that Catalonia's secession bid could find echoes elsewhere on the continent, the European Union has so far refused to step in. \r\nCatalan president Carles Puigdemont, in a televised address, once again urged the Spanish government to accept mediation in the political deadlock between Spain's authorities and the leaders of the wealthy northeastern region of some 7.5 million.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/c1f85f3c928689b5921c74f7f918411e \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123185653",
    "date_created": "1507635597",
    "date_modified": "1508436410",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/spanish-stocks-fall-amid-catalan-crisis\/123184222-123185653"
}