{
    "title": "Gift Loophole Grows in DC: District of Cannabis",
    "description": "(28 Sep 2017) Independent vendors in Washington, DC are finding a loophole around the law that makes it illegal to buy or sell marijuana in the city, even through it is legal to grow and consume it. \r\nDC voters approved recreational cannibas in 2014, but not its sale. \r\nThis means it's legal to possess a small amount in the U.S. capital, even though it's illegal to buy or sell it.\r\nEntrepreneurs are taking advantage of a law that allows friends to share up to an ounce of marijuana.\r\nVendors are offering medical grade majiuana-infused gummy worms, marijuana in jars and even concentrates. \r\nMarijuana sales propoenent Kevin White explains how it works in one location: \"we can't outright sell cannabis or edibles, but we're allowed to gift them so what we do we sell raffle tickets and with our raffle tickets, we gift any of our edibles or whatever we have that's medicated.''\r\nPop-up markets and shops are selling T-shirts with a \"gift\" of marijuana attached. \r\nDC police say the legal loophole isn't fooling anyone, but they admit the aren't actively out hunting for marijuana vendors.\r\n\"It's a priority when it becomes a priority, when we get a complaint then it's a priority, then it's a priority,\" comments Lt. Andrew Struhar of the Washington, DC police department.\r\nMarijuana is still banned under federal law. \r\nThe US Congress has the final authoritiy over Washington, DC's affairs, so the city is prohibited from legalising sales and taxing them, which would provide the funding to develop and enforce regulations. \r\nCity Councilman David Grasso says the city should develop regulations anyway, in spite of Congress. \r\n\"What are they going to do, throw us all in jail? I don't think so. My problem is I can't convince people that marijuana is an issue that they should go to jail for in spite of the fact that thousands and thousands and thousands of our poor residents have gone to jail for it over the past 40 years or so because of the failed war on drugs.''\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/c018a59cdbd0241e7fe2fe67ea0d1979 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123187024",
    "date_created": "1507010721",
    "date_modified": "1508436481",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/gift-loophole-grows-in-dc-district-of-cannabis\/123184222-123187024"
}