{
    "title": "Health Expert: ACA Subsidies 'Not a Bailout'",
    "description": "(1 Aug 2017) For months, the president has been threatening to stop payments that reimburse insurers for providing required financial assistance to low-income consumers, reducing their copays and deductibles.\r\nAdministration officials say the decision could come any day.\r\nPlaying defense, some insurers are pre-emptively raising premiums for next year. For example, BlueCross BlueShield of Arizona this week announced a 7.2 percent average hike for 2018. But there would likely be no increase if the subsidies are guaranteed, the company said. And BlueCross BlueShield of North Carolina earlier requested a 22.9 percent average increase. With the subsidies, the company said that would have been 8.8 percent.\r\nThe \"cost-sharing\" subsidies are under a legal cloud because of a dispute over whether the Obama health care law properly approved the payments. Other parts of the health care law, however, clearly direct the government to reimburse insurers.\r\nWith the issue unresolved, the Trump administration has been paying insurers each month, as the Obama administration had done previously.\r\nTrump returned to the subject last week after the GOP drive to repeal the health care law fell apart in the Senate, tweeting, \"As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!\"\r\nHe elaborated in another tweet, \"If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies...will end very soon!\"\r\nIt's not accurate to call the cost-sharing subsidies a bailout, says Stephanie Altman, director of health care justice at the Chicago-based Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law. \"This is not a subsidy for insurances companies. It's not a bailout. It's a promise that the Affordable Care Act made to insurance companies to compensate them for providing health insurance to low income consumers who can't afford full price health care,\" she said.\r\nThat's at the root of the Trump administration's potential legal problem if the president makes good on this threat.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/9a2c829c475c26ecbcad09d729cb5db5 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123195973",
    "date_created": "1502055179",
    "date_modified": "1508437370",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/health-expert-aca-subsidies-not-a-bailout\/123184222-123195973"
}