{
    "title": "Commemorating Roma deaths in Nazi concentration camp",
    "description": "(2 Aug 2017) LEADIN\r\nAn exhibition has opened in Romania's capital, Bucharest, to commemorate the deaths of thousands of Roma killed in a Nazi concentration camp.\r\nThe opening was attended by Roma survivors of the Holocaust, as well as foreign diplomats.\r\nSTORYLINE:\r\nBanners and photographs at the Holocaust exhibition, marking an horrific chapter in Roma history.\r\nSome three thousand Roma were taken to gas chambers at Auschwitz and exterminated on August 2, 1944.\r\nConstantin Braila is a Roma survivor of Holocaust:\r\n\"We were (based) near Bug River and we were able to catch fish there. They kept us there for 15 days. They took us somewhere near Kazarca village, where we stayed till spring. We were some one hundred families there. By the time spring came and we were supposed to be taken to work, less than half of us were left. All dead. Due to hunger, lice, unwashed, without medicines.\"\r\nFifty-thousand Roma were deported to Trans-Dniester in the Soviet Union and 11-thousand died, according to the Elie Wiesel Institute for the Study of the Holocaust in Romania. \r\nHans Klemm, the US Ambassador to Romania says \"This is very, very important. Today marks a terrible event in Romania's history, but also for humanity. (It) is very important that we not forget what happened during the holocaust here in Europe, here in Romania.\"\r\nRomania has more than one million (m) Roma, many of whom are poor and face prejudice.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/7bb7a9aaab426ff67cc0dace37aa7525 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123195927",
    "date_created": "1502118317",
    "date_modified": "1508437362",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/commemorating-roma-deaths-in-nazi-concentration-camp\/123184222-123195927"
}