{
    "title": "Modern fairy tale reinvented at Westwood Pret-a-Porter collection in Paris",
    "description": "(1 Oct 2017) MODERN FAIRY TALE REINVENTED AT WESTWOOD PRET-A-PORTER COLLECTION IN PARIS \r\nIt was a fantastical wonderland at Vivienne Westwood's and Andreas Kronthaler's Pret-a-Porter show at the Centorial in Paris, Saturday (30 SEPT. 2017) \r\nThe designers' Spring Summer 2018 collection was presented in a semi-hypnotic ambiance that resembled a modern fashion fairy tale, mixing unexpected accessories like giant flowery umbrellas or oversized hats the size of a basin with beautiful foggy-like dresses.  \r\nAndreas Kronthaler, designer and husband of Vivienne Westwood, named every dress after a cow he encountered during his Summer vacation in the Tyrol. He also said that color was at the heart of the collection.\r\n\"I love colors, I love the bright of colors... colors symbolize such a lot,\" he smiled. \"Where I come from, people use colors in a big abundance. And they use (them) and it's very, very cheeky... and they put colors together and that don't go together. It's actually... it's 'flimmering,' it's breaking, it's clashing, clashing! Just happily, you know. Green and red and everything together in one thing really. I like that.\"  \r\nWestwood added that the collection had to be understood through mythology and fairy tales. \r\n\"It only clicked this morning what is the word for that collection is: \"fairy tale.\" It really is. It's like 'Grimms' Fairy Tales,' you know, like myths, all folkloristic and even the 'Arabian Nights,' it's every fairy tale and every myth, you know. So I think it's really fantasy\", she said. \r\nSitting front row were American model Arizona Muse, British recording artist Raye and British model Lelu Stockbridge.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/f7783343882dab22d18380cfb195deaf \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123186547",
    "date_created": "1507285577",
    "date_modified": "1508436473",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/modern-fairy-tale-reinvented-at-westwood-pret-a-porter-collection-in-paris\/123184222-123186547"
}