{
    "title": "China car manufacturer Geely presents new Proton CEO",
    "description": "(29 Sep 2017) A new CEO appointed by Chinese automaker Geely to head Malaysia's Proton presented a 10-year plan to revitalise the national car maker on Friday. \r\nGeely Holding Group recently acquired 49.9 percent of Proton in a deal that gives the Chinese company a platform to expand in Southeast Asia where non-Japanese brands have struggled. \r\nMalaysian conglomerate DRB-Hicom Berhad retains a 50.1 percent stake in Proton.\r\nGeely and DRB-Hicom announced in a joint statement that Li Chun Rong will take over as CEO of Proton's manufacturing arm in a management reshuffle but that he will be responsible for the entire operations of Proton.\r\nLi, who has 30 years of experience in the auto sector, previously worked for major automakers such as Honda Motor Co., Kia Motors Corp. and China Dongfeng Motor Group, the statement said.\r\nLi said it was time for a tough revamp to enable Proton to become one of the top three ASEAN brands. \r\nOfficials said Li has presented to the Proton board a broad roadmap that includes new product offerings over the next decade to revive Proton.\r\nProton Holdings Berhad was founded in 1983 by the Malaysian government to create a domestic auto brand and has a distribution network in key Southeast Asian markets. \r\nIts sales have suffered due to growing competition and a reputation for poor quality and bland models. \r\nProton was privatised in 2012 but its new owner, DRB-Hicom, was unable to revive the business.\r\nGeely is one of China's biggest independent auto brands.\r\nFounded in 1986 as a refrigerator manufacturer, it started producing motorcycles in the 1990s and launched its first car in 2002. \r\nIt bought Volvo from Ford Motor Co. in 2010.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/255b261e9f762bb680af04275cc70ff2 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123186778",
    "date_created": "1507112487",
    "date_modified": "1508436477",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/china-car-manufacturer-geely-presents-new-proton-ceo\/123184222-123186778"
}