{
    "title": "Children enjoy popular exercise classes",
    "description": "(1 Aug 2017) LEADIN:\r\nChildren at a refugee camp in Iraq are enjoying Zumba classes.\r\nWorkers say the popular exercise helps both their physical and their mental health.\r\nSTORYLINE\r\nThey had never heard about Zumba before, but now these refugee children dance three times a week. \r\nIn the Domiz camp where 35,000 displaced Syrians have been living for almost five years, children head to this high-energy exercise class after school.\r\nThe classes were started by Nasreen Youssef, a refugee herself from the Syrian town of Qamishli. \r\nYoussef, who works in the health department inside the camp and is paid by the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), saw a need for after school exercises. \r\nSo she decided to start the popular Zumba dance classes almost six months ago. \r\n\"The children are very fast learners. They've got the movements and they learn it very quickly, so we don't face any difficulties,\" she says.\r\nAlmost 250 refugees take part after school activities, such as Zumba. \r\nBut there are other activities as well. \r\nThe school director Amina Temo says they also offer a kindergarten, folklore sessions and theatre and music classes.\r\nAll activities are ran by volunteers, which makes it hard to organise more events.\r\nBut for now, the children are benefiting from the Zumba classes.\r\n\"Their mental and physical health are improving and we can say that it's changing their lives inside the camp. And they love it,\" says Temo.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/ce136feca6fe4c5a88b92edb007834be \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123196005",
    "date_created": "1502029669",
    "date_modified": "1508437370",
    "type": "",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/children-enjoy-popular-exercise-classes\/123184222-123196005"
}